Learning Analytics Summer Institute LASI 2016: Call for participation


The sheer amount of data that we generate in the course of our lives is growing exponentially as technology plays a larger and larger part in what we do every day. This also happens in the field of Education, where information technology is becoming increasingly important. The  data generated by the systems used today to support how we teach and how we learn provides an unprecedented opportunity to better understand and support learning.

The main goals of the Learning Analytics Summer Institute are promoting the development of skills and knowledge of doctoral students and academics to use Learning Analytics techniques.

The Local Learning Analytics Summer Institute (LASI 2016) and the summer camp will be held on June 27-28 at the University of Deusto in Bilbao. We really need your cooperation to organise and provide a high quality event.

Therefore, we encourage you to present your

###Learning Experiences

Experiences in which Learning Analytics techniques have been used in a real context.

###Workshops

Workshops to introduce the attendees on the use of basic or even novel Learning Analytics tools and techniques.

Please, send your 1-page proposal for Learning Experiences or Workshops by March 17th (deadline will not be extended).

The proposals for Learning Experiences must include:

* Author(s)
* Title
* Summary
* Keywords

The proposals for workshops must include:

* Author(s)
* Brief descriptions and objectives of the workshop
* Required knowledge if the workshop is not introductory
* Tools that will be used
* Estimated duration

Please, submit your proposals to sromeroyesa_at_deusto.es or mikel.larranaga_at_ehu.eus before March 17th.
Thanks for your cooperation
