LASI Spain 17: Call for papers


Learning analytics has become increasingly present in educational settings. Whenever information technologies are used for educational purposes, there is a trail of evidences of the activities and behaviors of both teachers and instructors. Over time, the analysis of these evidences, be it real-time data or data stored in system databases, may help better understand and improve educational processes.

Learning analytics covers a wide variety of analysis techniques over multiple-sourced data (content repositories, interactive systems, multimedia streams) and technologies (Learning Management Systems, educational games, virtual settings, mobile devices) that ranging from data mining to data visualizations, and focuses on very different aspects of learning: at-risk detection, improvement of drop-out rates and academic outcomes, enabling adaptive learning, etc.

The fifth edition of the Learning Analytics Summer Institute Spain 2017 (LASI Spain 2017), organized by Universidad Carlos III de Madrid (UC3M), Universidad Nacional de Educación a Distancia (UNED) and Universidad Politécnica de Madrid (UPM), in collaboration with SNOLA (Spanish Network of Learning Analytics) and eMadrid, is part of the global LASI network, conceived as a platform to catalyse educators, technologists, researchers, enterprise and policymakers around shaping the next generation of learning infrastructures to truly serve the needs now facing the education sector.

The Call for Papers of LASI Spain 17 invites researchers across the globe to submit original research and work in progress that further contributes to advances in the field. LASI Spain 17 welcomes both quantitative and qualitative work related to the topics of interest within the broad theme of “Advances in Learning Analytics”, and aims to cross interdisciplinary boundaries that help expanding our understanding of current and future trends in learning analytics.

###Topics

LASI Spain 17 aims to address state-of-the-art advances in learning analytics, and to gather multidisciplinary but complementary approaches from different fields, such as Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, Education, Sociology and Psychology. This Call for Papers is open for submissions covering the following topics:

* Learning analytics oriented to assessment of competences.
* Learning analytics and self-regulated learning.
* Adaptive learning.
* Longitudinal studies on learning analytics.
* Theoretical advances in learning analytics.
* Ethical and privacy aspects of learning analytics.
* Policy-making and learning analytics.
* Technological developments and learning analytics: interoperable systems, multimodal learning analytics, virtual worlds.
* Discourse and sentiment analytics.
* Social learning analytics.
* Data transformation processes for learning analytics.
* Integration of learning analytics and instructional methods.
* Learning analytics in personal learning environments (PLEs)

###Types of contributions

Please, send your original manuscript (short paper: 6-8 pages; full paper: 10-15 pages) using a Springer template (https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines) by April 15 2017 (deadline will not be extended) using the EasyChair system.

